Acting as T1 Emblem!
The photographer requests for T1 pose.
Faker : Do this, Impact! Bengi, Do this!
Bengi : Why are we doing this?
Faker : I think this is better.
Piglet : Bengi and Impact! Do this.
Faker : Wings!
Bengi and Impact, who had to stand in the sides due to
the height, unexpectedly took the wing positions.
Faker : What should the middle people do?
Piglet : One!
Faker : I think only Poohmandu should…
Poohmandu : Hold your left arm up.
Piglet : You hold both of your arms up.
Poohmandu : Me? I think it’s weird.
Under Faker’s suggestion, T1 K made a perfect
T1 emblem as Bengi and Impact acted as wings.
The shirt’s short!
Manager : Poohmandu’s stomach is coming out!
Poohmandu : It’s because the shirt is short!
Faker and Piglet pet Poohmandu’s stomach.
Every cloth is short for tall Poohmandu.
Faith! Loyalty!
The photographer requests to stand
side by side with arms showing.
Piglet : Isn’t this all?
Bengi & PoohManDu : Faith! Loyalty!
Piglet’s idea of “faith, loyalty” pose brought
lots of applaud from the staffs.
Weren’t we suppose to scream?
The photographer wants a photo of players shouting.
Photographer : Scream after I count to 3.
Instead of a shout out, players gave a silence.
Bengi : Let’s do this.
The photographer was unsatisfied with the pose and decided to stop the shoot with the ‘faith, loyalty’ pose.
Cheesy
The players look at the ceiling as if they saw an UFO.
(Poohmandu having difficult time with cheesy poses.)
After the OK sign, the players are embarrassed
of their cheesy poses.
Faker’s solo shots
Piglet’s solo shots
Impact’s solo shots
Bengi’s solo shots
Poohmandu’s solo shots